System Defined Views will be automatically attached to all User Defined databases. And these provide information about the database, tables, and all the properties of the database and tables. There are three types of System defined views, Information Schema, Catalog View, and Dynamic Management View.View is one of the database objects in SQL. It logically represents subsets of data from one or more table. We can presents logical subset of data by creating views of tables. A view is a logical table based on table or another view. A view is a window of table .There are two types of database views: dynamic views and static viewsThere are three primary types of point of view:
First person point of view. In first person point of view, one of the characters is narrating the story. ... 
Second person point of view. Second person point of view is structured around the “you” pronoun, and is less common in novel-length work. ... 
Third person point of view.
Types of Views

 Complex View: A view based on multiple tables, which contain GROUP BY clause and functions. Inline View: A view based on a subquery in FROM Clause, that subquery creates a temporary table and simplifies the complex query. Materialized View: A view that stores the definition as well as data.Types of Drawing Views
Base View. The first view created in a drawing. ... 
Projected View. An orthographic or isometric view that is generated from a base view or other existing view. ... 
Auxiliary View. A view projected perpendicular to a user-selected line or edge. ... 
Section View. ... 
Detail View. ... 
Overlay View. ... 
Draft View.Solution: A VIEW is a virtual table, through which a selective portion of the data from one or more tables can be seen. A view do not contain data of their own. They are used to restrict access to the database or to hide data complexity. A view is stored as a SELECT statement in the database.Views are generally used to focus, simplify, and customize the perception each user has of the database. Views can be used as security mechanisms by letting users access data through the view, without granting the users permissions to directly access the underlying base tables of the view.Oracle, view is a virtual table that does not physically exist. It is stored in Oracle data dictionary and do not store any data. It can be executed when called. A view is created by a query joining one or more tables.Excel offers three different workbooks views, Normal, Page Layout and Page Break Preview.Answer: Front, top, right side, left side, rear, and bottom. Although six different sides can be drawn, usually three views of a drawing give enough information to make a three-dimensional object. These views are known as front view, top view and end view.Answer: There are three types of System defined views, Information Schema, Catalog View, and Dynamic Management View.Force View does forces the creation of a View even when the View will be invalid. NoForce Is the default. Code. CREATE FORCE VIEW. <view_name>It can contain all the rows and columns of a table or only a few selected rows and columns if there is a need to restrict the access. Depending on the written SQL query used to create the view, it can be created from one or many tables.

Views can be used to structure data in ways for users to find it natural, simplify complex queries, restrict access to data, and summarize data from several tables to create reports.There are different aspects related to managing views, which are defined here.

Creating view: Views can be created using the “create view” statement. The view is defined by a query that references materialized views, tables, or other views.Renaming view: Views can be renamed, and it should be ensured that all objects that reference the old name of the view now should have a new name.

Listing views: All the views in the SQL Server Database can be listed by querying the system catalog view.

Removing view: Using the “drop view” statement, an existing view can be removed.Views are virtual tables that are compiled at runtime. The data associated with views are not physically stored in the view, but it is stored in the base tables of the view. A view can be made over one or more database tables. Generally, we put those columns in view that we need to retrieve/query again and again. Once you have created the view, you can query the view as a table. We can make an index, trigger on the view.

In SQL Server we make views for security purposes since it restricts the user to view some columns/fields of the table(s). Views show only those columns that are present in the query which is used to make a view. One more advantage of Views is, data abstraction since the end user is not aware of all the data present in the database table.view may act as a filter on the certain tables which are being referenced in the view. The query that is defined for the view can be from one or multiple different tables or from other views in the current or other databases. And the distributed queries may also be used to define the views in SQL servers that use the data from multiple data sources. It can be helpful in certain scenarios such as if you want to combine the similarly structured data from the different servers, then each of them stores the data for a different region of your organization.SQL Server, there are two different types of views are available to be created that are system-defined views and user-defined views and they can be used to define the views in a manner to get the all basic details such as domain usage, checking constraints, getting columns, assemblies, object and column along with the required user-defined views as well.

In SQL Server we have two types of views
